README.md, before:

GoLang Counter Utility
=====================

*Why a counter utility?*

When I programmed in C, we'd routinely add a counter to each place in
the code where there was a control-flow affecting test.  Then we had
commands to print out the counters and since our code was able to run
for a long time without crashing, we'd get a sort of free profile of
the application flow.  


*Is it good to use?*

I'm using it.  

*What is it? *

This code offers an "increment a counter" API that is non-blocking,
using only channels not locking, and which requires no upfront
configuration (you provide a string name of the counter). There is
also a sync version using atomic mutuxes; this is faster in the normal
case (using less CPU and lower latency) but of course could be a
source of contention in the general case. 

Each minute the counts will be printed out.  The numbers will be
old-school aligned and tabularized.  If you provide a callback, then
each minute you'll get a callback with all string names of the
existing counters and values for sending to a TSDB type system for
aggregating these metrics.

*Who owns this code?*

Chris Lane

*Adivce for starting out*

If you integrate, please let me know of your experience and any
suggestions for improvement.

The current API can best be seen in the _test files probably.  

One thing to be aware of is that calling counter_init() will start up
a go routine or 2 to manage per minute processing.

*Requirements*

None at present.  

*TODO*

o String builder to speed up

o precalculate tables for deriveDistName maths

Commit message:

More performant
Removed the never used bits to track times.

Made the map to counters a map to *counters so I didn't
need to have all the "cMap[name] = counter // why do I need this

Make use of RLock vs. Lock to hopefully speed up the atomics path.

README.md, after:

GoLang Counter Utility
=====================

*Why a counter utility?*

When I programmed in C, we'd routinely add a counter to each place in
the code where there was a control-flow affecting test.  Then we had
commands to print out the counters and since our code was able to run
for a long time without crashing, we'd get a sort of free profile of
the application flow.  


*Is it good to use?*

I'm using it.  

*What is it? *

This code offers an "increment a counter" API that is non-blocking,
using only channels not locking, and which requires no upfront
configuration (you provide a string name of the counter). There is
also a sync version using atomic mutuxes; this is faster in the normal
case (using less CPU and lower latency) but of course could be a
source of contention in the general case. The channel API uses ten
channels so that there's less contention for the channel.

At pretty high rates of counting (5 million calls/second, maybe a
dozen things counted each call).

Each minute the counts will be printed out.  The numbers will be
old-school aligned and tabularized.  If you provide a callback, then
each minute you'll get a callback with all string names of the
existing counters and values for sending to a TSDB type system for
aggregating these metrics.

*Who owns this code?*

Chris Lane

*Adivce for starting out*

If you integrate, please let me know of your experience and any
suggestions for improvement.

The current API can best be seen in the _test files probably.  

One thing to be aware of is that calling InitCounters() will start up
a go routine or 2 to manage per minute processing, and also will
startup 10 go routines to listen to the ten channels used to reduce
contention for the sending channel.

*Requirements*

None at present.  

*TODO*

o String builder to speed up

o precalculate tables for deriveDistName maths
